##  Bulk Glass Numerical Analysis Tool  ##  

This code implements a random network approach to analyze the properties of bulk glass.
MOPAC and MPI are used by this code and are required for it to function. The initial
goal was to use the Metropolis algorithm to average over the configuration space of
the glass; however, the complexities of this problem led to the implementation of a
simpler approach. The network is generated randomly from user-defined fragments, just
as we would do for the Metropolis approach. Instead of using Metropolis, we instead
use MOPAC to optimize the geometry of the random network, and we average over many
random networks. Since MOPAC will only find the local minimum of each configuration,
this approximates the desired results.

While it is currently designed to use MOPAC for aspects of the calculations, its modular
design allows for an easy conversion for interfacing with other programs. Once compiled,
most features can be changed via the parameter files fragments.txt and input.txt.

The file fragments.txt contains the fragments to be used while constructing the glassy network.
Currently, this is done by randomly placing fragments with random orientations within a
box. Each fragment may have as many atoms as desired, though too many would inhibit
the program's ability to find energy minima or valid configurations. Fragments that are
very small may increase the configuration space of the problem and may require
longer times for convergence of the solution. The fragment name is entirely user-defined,
and it may contain any valid characters for reading into a string.

The file input.txt contains information on how to set up the run. The number of fragments and the
number of elements are both given in this file. The MOPAC optimization option currently
serves no purpose, as using MOPAC is necessary to have any meaningful results. However,
this code was designed such that interfaces with other chemistry packages could be easily
added. If a NWChem module were added, this feature will allow for switching between
different packages. The code could easily be expanded to allow for more optional parameters
for these interfaces by utilizing the existing framework for new features.

The file vanderwaals.txt is a static list of the Van der Waals radii used by this code. The
code makes sure that atoms do not enter the Van der Waals radius of adjacent atoms when they
are moved, and this is used to prevent invalid configurations, particularly those which would
cause MOPAC (and potentially other packages) to fail to calculate the correct energies.
